Item 1. Business United Energies Development Corporation ("United Energies" or the "Company") was incorporated on May 21, 2015 under the laws of the State of Delaware to engage in any lawful corporate undertaking, including, but not limited to, selected mergers and acquisitions. The Company has been in the developmental stage since inception and its operations to date have been limited to issuing shares to its original shareholders and filing a registration statement. The Company has been formed to provide a method for a foreign or domestic private company to become a reporting company with a class of securities registered under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. The Company registered its common stock on a Form 10 registration statement filed pursuant to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the "Exchange Act") and Rule 12(g) thereof. The Company files with the Securities and Exchange Commission periodic and current reports under Rule 13(a) of the Exchange Act, including quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and annual reports Form 10-K. The Company has no employees and two officers, directors and shareholders. The president of the Company is also the president, director and shareholder of Tiber Creek Corporation. Tiber Creek Corporation assists companies in becoming public companies and assists companies with introductions to the financial community. Such services may include, when and if appropriate, the use of an existing reporting company such as the Company. Tiber Creek will typically enter into an agreement with a private company to assist it in becoming a public reporting company and for its introduction to brokers and market makers. A private company may become a public reporting company by effecting a business combination with an existing public reporting company such as the Company or by a filing registration pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 (typically a Form S-1) or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Form 10). In 2016, the Company changed its name in anticipation of a possible change in control. Such change in control was not effected and discussions for such transaction have been discontinued. There is no agreement nor contractual relationship between the Company and Tiber Creek to perform or provide services to the other. However, as a non-operating blank check company, the Company is available for use by a client of Tiber Creek which wishes to use a reporting company incident to the process of registering its securities and becoming a reporting company. A combination will normally take the form of a merger, stock-for-stock exchange or stock-for-assets exchange. In most instances the target company will wish to structure the business combination to be within the definition of a tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Once a change of control of the Company has been effected, if at all, new management may issue shares of its stock prior to filing a registration statement for the registration of its shares pursuant to the Securities Act of 1933 and such shares will be governed by the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission regarding the sale of unregistered securities. As of December 31, 2017, the Company had not generated revenues and had no income or cash flows from operations since inception. At December 31, 2017, the Company had sustained net loss of 2,658 and an accumulated deficit of $5,120 The Company's independent auditors have issued a report raising substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. At present, the Company has no operations and the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon financial support from its stockholders, its ability to obtain necessary equity financing to continue operations and/or to successfully locate and negotiate with a business entity for the combination of that target company with the Company. Management of the Company will pay all expenses incurred by the Company until a change in control of the Company is effected. Management does not expect any repayment for such paid expenses. There is no assurance that the Company will ever be profitable. Item 2. Properties The Company has no properties and at this time has no agreements to acquire any properties. The Company currently uses the offices of Management at no cost to the Company. The Company expects this arrangement to continue until the Company completes a change in control. Item 3. Legal Proceedings There is no litigation pending or threatened by or against the Company. Management is aware that certain current and prior blank check companies of which Messrs. Cassidy and McKillop were the former officers and directors have received subpoenas for documents in regard to an inquiry by the Securities and Exchange Commission requesting documentation regarding the transactions and filings for the past five years and former share ownership of certain blank check companies. Management of the Company has also received subpoenas from the Securities and Exchange Commission in regard to certain of the transactions and filings for the past five years of certain of its blank check companies. Management has no independent knowledge or information as to the intent or purpose of such subpoenas but believes the SEC is investigating whether the change in control transaction is considered a sale of a security and if so whether a broker needs to be used to effect the transaction. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities There is currently no public market for the Company's securities. Following a business combination, a target company will normally wish to cause the Company's common stock to trade in one or more United States securities markets. The target company may elect to take the steps required for such admission to quotation following the business combination or at some later time. At such time as it qualifies, the Company may choose to apply for quotation of its securities on the OTC Bulletin Board. The OTC Bulletin Board is a dealer-driven quotation service. Unlike the Nasdaq Stock Market, companies cannot directly apply to be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, only market makers can initiate quotes, and quoted companies do not have to meet any quantitative financial requirements. Any equity security of a reporting company not listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market or on a national securities exchange is eligible. As such time as it qualifies, the Company may choose to apply for quotation of its securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market. In general there is greatest liquidity for traded securities on the Nasdaq Capital Market and less on the OTC Bulletin Board. It is not possible to predict where, if at all, the securities of the Company will be traded following a business combination. Since inception, the Company has sold securities which were not registered as follows: NUMBER OF DATE NAME SHARES CONSIDERATION May 21, 2015 James Cassidy (1) 10,000,000 Services May 21, 2015 James McKillop 10,000,000 Services (1) James M. Cassidy, the president and a director of the Company, is the sole shareholder and director of Tiber Creek Corporation, a Delaware corporation, which company has agreed to assist the Company in registering its stock and introductions to the brokerage community. Item 6. Selected Financial Data. There is no selected financial data required to be filed for a smaller reporting company. Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The Company has no operations nor does it currently engage in any business activities generating revenues. The Company's principal business objective is to achieve a business combination with a target company. A combination will normally take the form of a merger, stock-for-stock exchange or stock-for-assets exchange. In most instances the target company will wish to structure the business combination to be within the definition of a tax-free reorganization under Section 351 or Section 368 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. No assurances can be given that the Company will be successful in locating or negotiating with any target company. The most likely target companies are those seeking the perceived benefits of a reporting corporation. Such perceived benefits may include facilitating or improving the terms on which additional equity financing may be sought, providing liquidity for incentive stock options or similar benefits to key employees, increasing the opportunity to use securities for acquisitions, providing liquidity for shareholders and other factors. Business opportunities may be available in many different industries and at various stages of development, all of which will make the task of comparative investigation and analysis of such business opportunities difficult and complex. The search for a target company will not be restricted to any specific kind of business entities, but may acquire a venture which is in its preliminary or development stage, which is already in operation, or in essentially any stage of its business life. It is impossible to predict at this time the status of any business in which the Company may become engaged, whether such business may need to seek additional capital, may desire to have its shares publicly traded, or may seek other perceived advantages which the Company may offer. In implementing a structure for a particular business acquisition, the Company may become a party to a merger, consolidation, reorganization, joint venture, licensing agreement or other arrangement with another corporation or entity. On the consummation of a transaction, it is likely that the present management and shareholders of the Company will no longer be in control of the Company. In addition, it is likely that the officer and director of the Company will, as part of the terms of the business combination, resign and be replaced by one or more new officers and directors. As of December 31, 2017, the Company had not generated revenues and had no income or cash flows from operations since inception. At December 31, 2017, the Company had sustained net loss of $2,658. The Company's independent auditors have issued a report raising substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. At present, the Company has no operations and the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon financial support from its stockholders, its ability to obtain necessary equity financing to continue operations and/or to successfully locate and negotiate with a business entity for the combination of that target company with the Company. Management will pay all expenses incurred by the Company until a change in control is effected. There is no expectation of repayment for such expenses. The president of the Company is the president, director and shareholder of Tiber Creek Corporation. Tiber Creek Corporation assists companies in becoming public reporting companies and with introductions to the financial community. 2017 Year-End Analysis The Company has received no income, has had no operations nor expenses, other than Delaware state fees and accounting fees as required for incorporation and for the preparation of the Company's financial statements. 